Group number: 11

Group members: Olof Bexelius, Muhammad Saad & Mazin Ali

Supervisor name: Jonas Teglund

Project title: TaskMaster

Link to project repository: https://github.com/mommodabeast/to_do_list.git

Description Briefly explain what the goal of the project is:
We want to create a TODO list application that will allow users to create, manage and prioritise their TODO tasks. The tasks will be 
displayed in a list format, and users will be able to add, edit, and delete tasks as needed. The application will also provide the ability to 
convert the TODO list into a schedule view, displaying the tasks in a calendar format. The conversion into a schedule will probably be the 
hardest part and is a stretch goal if we have time. 
 
Milestones List the major milestones or steps towards project completion with estimated duration.  Mark which of these (towards the end) are 
potentially optional, in case the project takes longer than expected.

The time estimates are based on best case scenarios, and we are not familiar with React so it could potentially take even longer. 

	Getting started: 1 day (understanding and working with React). (Will most probably take a couple of days to get started and to understand react)

	Making an outline for what data structures we want to use and how we want our list to look: 1 day.

	Creating a task list component that displays the list of tasks in React: 2 days.

	Implementing task management functions: 4 days

	Adding prioritisation (based on due date, importance etc.): 2-3 days.

	Some time for testing and debugging in between and after the project. 2 days in total (will probably take more time than expected)

Optional:
Converting the TODO list into a schedule that you can carry along on your phone as well: 3 days (seems like the hardest part to implement). We need 
to discuss and make a decision about what format it should be in. This could take a couple of days but hopefully we will have time to do it. 

If we have even more time: try to make the application more aesthetically pleasing.

We will try to make sure that everyone understands the entire code and that everyone gets to do a little bit of everything. 
 
Communication How do you plan to communicate within the group? Specify for example the means or tools of communication (Discord, Slack, email, etc.) and 
the expected frequency.
We are going to communicate via Snapchat and Discord. We will talk to each other a couple of times during the week but during the working phase 
of the project we will try to update each other every day.
 
Libraries Which libraries do you (tentatively) plan to use?
React – A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
 
 
